Artifact type authoring (#39)
oras-project/artifacts-spec: artifact-manifest.md

- **`mediaType`** *string*

>   This field contains the `mediaType` of this document, differentiating from [image-manifest][oci-image-manifest-spec] and [image-index][oci-image-index]. The `mediaType` for this manifest type MUST be `application/vnd.cncf.oras.artifact.manifest.v1+json`, where the version WILL change to reflect newer versions. Artifact authors SHOULD support multiple `mediaType` versions to provide the best user experience for their artifact type.

Reviewer: How can artifact authors support multiple `mediaType` versions when there aren't more than one version in existence?

I'm trying to understand (as an "artifact author") what I should do with this requirement:
> Artifact authors SHOULD support multiple `mediaType` versions to provide the best user experience for their artifact type.

Does this mean that I SHOULD support both image, image index, and artifact manifests? Or that I SHOULD support the artifact manifest V1 AND a yet-to-be-invented artifact manifest V2?

Author: Thanks Michael,
This is about future-proofing, and setting expectations. When discussing changes to the image-spec, there was constant concern about breaking changes, and what should be put into the existing `image.manifest` mediaType, with `.v1`. If we were to add a new version to the image-spec, and change the version in the mediaType, all clients would break, or not know how to support it.
This sets the expectation that the version WILL change in the future, and developers SHOULD code for that scenario. 
That might mean, parse: `.v1` from `application/vnd.cncf.oras.artifact.manifest.v1+json`.
I do think we should add an artifact authors doc, similar to the OCI Artifacts doc that speaks to these details, but these are additive docs. Many who provided feedback said they read the code, before reading the specs. So, we'll likely show this in the [oras-go](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-go) libraries, and [distribution/distribution](https://github.com/distribution/distribution) at some point.

>   This field contains the `mediaType` of this document, differentiating from [image-manifest][oci-image-manifest-spec] and [image-index][oci-image-index]. The `mediaType` for this manifest type MUST be `application/vnd.cncf.oras.artifact.manifest.v1+json`, where the version WILL change to reflect newer versions. Artifact authors SHOULD support multiple `mediaType` versions to provide the best user experience for their artifact type.

Reviewer: Hmmm... This still has the issue I highlighted before. How can an artifact author support a version _which doesn't yet exist_?

The entire point of major versions is the understanding that they ARE breaking changes. No client, author, registry operator is able to commit to supporting version 2 of a manifest spec that hasn't been written yet. I think we should remove this sentence entirely -- my hope for this work is adoption into OCI before we release a version 2 so I'm not sure it makes sense to set ourselves up for multiple major versions to begin with.

   
- **`artifactType`** *string*

  The REQUIRED `artifactType` is a unique value, as registered with [iana.org][registering-iana].

>   The `artifactType` is equivalent to `manifest.config.mediaType` in [OCI Artifacts][oci-artifacts].

Reviewer: Maybe something like this to make it clearer? It's the values of the field that we expect to the be the same.

```suggestion
  The `artifactType` values are equivalent to the values used in the `manifest.config.mediaType` in [OCI Artifacts][oci-artifacts].
```

Author: I'd use the [Commit suggestion] button, but I fear the dread of DCO errors. If someone knows "the trick", happy to hit the button, `git pull` and give appropriate credit.

   
- **`artifactType`** *string*

  The REQUIRED `artifactType` is unique value, as registered with iana.org.
  See [registering unique types.][registering-iana].
  The `artifactType` is equivalent to [OCI Artifacts][oci-artifacts] that used the `manifest.config.mediaType` to differentiate the type of artifact.

>   Artifact authors that implement `oras.artifact.manifest` use `artifactType` to differentiate the type of artifact. example:(`application/x.example.sbom.v0` from `application/vnd.cncf.notary.v2`).

Reviewer 2: I think you should just point to the artifact manifest spec.
